Add support for new insurance (#5812)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/merchants/new_isurance.txt

> //===== rAthena Script =======================================
> //= Insurance changer
> //===== By: ==================================================
> //= Balfear
> //===== Current Version: =====================================
> //= 1.0
> //===== Compatible With: =====================================
> //= rAthena Project
> //============================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//===== rAthena Script =======================================
//= Insurance Exchanger
//===== Description: =========================================
//= Exchange items for New_Insurance item.
//===== Changelogs: ==========================================
//= 1.0 Initial release. [Balfear]
//============================================================
```

> prt_in,82,108,5	script	Heart Merchant#life01	4_M_NFDEADMAN2,5,5,{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prt_in,82,108,5	script	Heart Merchant#life01	4_M_NFDEADMAN2,5,5,{
	.@old_item_name$ = getitemname(12209);
	.@new_item_name$ = getitemname(6413);

```

	mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 	mes "Hello! An adventurer with a heart out of the boat, sailing across the continent and enjoying a dangerous thrill!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "Hello! I see you are an adventurer who puts his heart in traveling from a boat, sailing across the continent and enjoying the dangerous thrill!";
```

	next;
	mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 	mes "Would you like to change your <ITEM>["+getitemname(12209)+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> with something better? For example... <ITEM>["+getitemname(6413)+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> what about?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "Have you ever thought about replacing your <ITEM>["+.@old_item_name$+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> with a better one? For example... <ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM>. What do you think?";
```

	next;

> 	switch(select("What is it?: Please exchange!: I'm not interested")) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	switch(select("What is it?:Please exchange!:I'm not interested")) {
```

	case 1:
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "<ITEM>["+getitemname(12209)+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> was an object that prevented your living from losing experience on death once every 30 minutes.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "<ITEM>["+.@old_item_name$+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> is an item that prevents you from losing life experience on death for 30 minutes after use.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "But many people missed the part about time? So I saw it and prepared <ITEM>["+getitemname(6413)+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM>.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "But many people missed the part about time? So I looked into it and prepared <ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM>.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "This <ITEM>["+getitemname(6413)+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> will reduce your experience at the time of death for a single death of ^000000, even if you hold it for 1^EE0000 hours. It's an object that won't be accepted, but of course the heart of the contract disappears after death.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "The <ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> ^EE0000will remove your experience loss at death for a single death^000000, even if you hold it for 1 hour. It's something useful. Of course, after death, the "+.@new_item_name$+" is consumed.";
```

		next;

> 		select("Why do you change it?");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		select("Why change it?");
```

		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "I wonder if that? I'm a trader. It's a fate to buy and sell things when I'm dead. I'm going to lose money and I'll miss this opportunity. I'm making money. Is that a good deal?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Are you curious about that? I'm a merchant. It's my fate to buy and sell things if I'm dead or alive. There are many ways to make money, but am I going to miss this opportunity? I make money and the living get a little freedom from the pain of death. Isn't that a good deal?";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "Are you curious about this? Exchange rates. <ITEM>["+getitemname(12209)+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> 5 ea. <ITEM>["+getitemname(6413)+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> 1 ea. I'll change it to one.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Are you curious by now? The exchange rate. <ITEM>["+.@old_item_name$+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> 5 ea. <ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> 1 ea. I'll trade for one.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "How about? Isn't it a loss condition? Do you need to worry about time? Adventurers who enjoy dizzy adventures are a must-have. Cancer ~";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "What do you think? Isn't it a fair trade? Do you want to always worry about time? It's a must-have for adventurers who enjoy breathtaking adventures.";
```

		close;
	case 2:	
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";
		mes "Yeah, yeah. I thought about it. It's better to exchange what you have for a better one. Isn't it?";
		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "You can change to 1 heart of the contract with 5 existing cards.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "^0000cdFor 5 "+.@old_item_name$+", you can exchange^000000 to 1 "+.@new_item_name$+".";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "But life insurance policy is excluded from the exchange.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "However, ^EE0000[not for sale] Life Insurance policy is not eligible for exchange^000000, so it is useless to bring it and ask for it to be replaced.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";
		mes "Would you like to exchange it now?";
		next;

> 		switch(select("Please exchange!: Don't exchange.")) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		switch(select("Please exchange!:Don't exchange.")) {
```

			case 1:
				mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 				mes "How many do you want to exchange? You can exchange up to 10 at a time.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "How many do you want to exchange? ^0000cdIt is possible to exchange up to 10 "+.@new_item_name$+" at a time^000000.";
```

				next;
				input .@amount;
				if (.@amount == 0) {
					mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 					mes "Well, aren't you interested? It's a really good thing, but it's really good.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					mes "Well? Are you not interested? It's a really nice thing to have and really good for you. But if you don't want the person to live, I can't force you.";
```

					close;
				} else if (.@amount > 10) {
					mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 					mes "You can change up to 10 ea. at a time. Check the quantity again.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					mes "^0000cdYou can exchange up to 10 ea.^000000 at a time. Check the quantity again.";
```

					close;
				} else {
					if (countitem(12209) < (.@amount*5)) {
						mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 						mes "Well, well ... You don't have enough life insurance policy? <ITEM>["+getitemname(12209)+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> 5 ea. <ITEM>["+getitemname(6413)+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> 1 ea. check the quantity.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						mes "Um, hey... you don't have enough life insurance policies? <ITEM>["+.@old_item_name$+"]<INFO>12209</INFO></ITEM> 5 ea. <ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>6413</INFO></ITEM> 1 ea. Please check the quantity.";
```

						close;
					}
					mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 					mes "Now, I exchanged your life insurance policy for the heart of the contract! That was a good deal, right? Come back next time!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					mes "Now, with this, I exchanged the ^0000cd.@old_item_name$^000000 that you had for the ^EE0000.@new_item_name$^000000!! That was a good deal, right? Next time you have a "+.@old_item_name$+", come back again!";
```

					delitem 12209,.@amount*5;
					getitem 6413,.@amount;
					close;
				}
			case 2:
				mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 				mes "This is a very good condition! Adventurer, it's a must if you want to venture in this dangerous place like you!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				mes "This is a very good exchange! Adventurer, it's a must-have to enjoy adventures in this dangerous place!";
```

				next;
				mes "[Heart Merchant]";
				mes "If you are interested later, be sure to come to exchange. Okay?";

> 				close;

Reviewer 2: This should be combined with the case 3 below.

		}
	case 3:
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";

> 		mes "This is a very good condition! Adventurer, it's a must if you want to venture in this dangerous place like you!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "This is a very good exchange! Adventurer, it's a must-have to enjoy adventures in this dangerous place!";
```

		next;
		mes "[Heart Merchant]";
		mes "If you are interested later, be sure to come to exchange. Okay?";
		close;
	}
OnTouch:

> 	npctalk "You have a good one. Would you like to change your life insurance policy with a new one?", "", bc_self;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	npctalk "You have something good. Would you like to replace your "+.@old_item_name$+" with a new one?", "", bc_self;
```
